League of Legends Championship Application
-

Rebelliously Going straight against the assignment from the beginning, i have made a solution
for the League of Legends eSport championship format.
The format is as follows:

10 competing team meet each other in 9 rounds of 5 matches. This is called a round robin,
and can be extended indefinitely. The resulting 8 best teams advance to group play,
much like in other sports. This is called GSL. I have no idea why.
The teams then fight through opening matches, an upper bracket and a lower bracket before
finally meeting in semifinals and finals.

The solution I have made extracts the information from a series of .CSV-files contained in the
"assets"-directory. The subdirectories are named to support the format for ease of use and understanding.

I use a StreamReader to extract the data line by line and then store it in suitable structures
via the utility-class DataHandler. The "handle-methods" in DataHandler ensures that the array-sizes
given from the reader are correct, but doesnt test the data, only the structure.

After all the files are processed, all objects are then fed through a data validator that checks
for null and empty values. If all is good, the application continues, if not, it terminates.

The DataHandler object now holds all the available data from the .CSV-files in somewhat
annoyingly inaccessible storages and is fed through the utility-class Sorter to be filtered
and processed to better fit the final viewing format. The teams are sorted in rankings based on wins, losses, etc,
and are given ranks from the round robin. Of course rules regarding teams with same stats etc apply here.

Likewise the rest of the games are sorted and tagged and placed in structs to better accomodate
ease of use when presenting the data in the console.

Finally the processed data stores are fed to the PresentationClusterFuckManager9000 that makes
a simple UI very hard to grasp with 1000000000 lines of Console.WriteLine();
The data is presented as pretty as possible with string formatting, interpolation and the whole 9 yards.

Test cases are somewhat autogenerated using a chat bot to test out any critical validation methods etc.
The tests can be run separately using the saved run-configurations.

Happy reading!
